There is a more general formula.
Right now we've seen how to do
range mapping from zero to one.
If our range is zero to one,
we've seen how to get any range.
But there is a more general formula
basically, if our range is min
x to max x and we want to get min y
to max y, we could actually do that.
It's just math.
We can essentially solve this
the system of these two equations and
we can get values for a and b.
However, I don't expect
you to actually do that.
I just wanted to show you that it's there,
it's possible.
I did make a little app that you could
use instead so that you could just input
the values you have for example, for
the values you have for p and the output
values you wanna get and you can modify
these numbers and it just updates.
And remember this,
this would be much easier to reason about
if we had this up when we when
we did this migrant demo.
So remember what we wanted
our variable was intensity.
When intensity was 1 we wanted to output.
What did we want to output with for 1?
50 I think, and then when intensity was 5,
we wanted to add 0.
Okay this expects length, so
I'm gonna make it names for now.
I did push a fix to this but it's not.
It hasn't caught up, so we could actually
just get this and remove the amps.
So here we had compromise with a different
formula because like I said it would have
been trickier to figure out the numbers.
But with the app, we can actually
just get exactly the numbers we want.
Since it just gives us the formula and
now this goes from 0 to
50 just like we wanted.
It doesn't look as pretty though so
we might still wanna
stick with the other one.
So, range mapping allows the same
variable to control multiple things.
This can be useful in a number of cases.
And I just wanted to give some credit
because the spotlight demo was
inspired From this code
pen which is not mine.
This is a lot fancier